[Docs edit]: Policy automation: run script (#22853)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

### policies

Policies can be specified inline in your `default.yml`, `teams/team-name.yml`, or `teams/no-team.yml` files. They can also be specified in separate files in your `lib/` folder.  

Policies defined in `default.yml` run on **all** hosts.  

Policies defined in `teams/no-team.yml` run on hosts that belong to "No team".

> > Policies that run automation to install software or run script, must be defined in `tems/no-team.yml` to run on hosts that belong to "No team".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Policies that run automation to install software or run scripts must be defined in `teams/no-team.yml` to run on hosts that belong to "No team".
```

> > Policies that run automation to install software or run scripts must be defined in `teams/no-team.yml` to run on hosts that belong to "No team".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Policies that run automations to install software or run scripts must be defined in `teams/no-team.yml` to run on hosts that belong to "No team".
```
